docs: new product messaging for marketing launch (#52319)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/admin-guides/infrastructure-as-code/managing-resources/access-list.mdx

---
title: Creating Access Lists with IaC

> description: Use Infrastructure-as-Code tooling to create Access Lists.

Reviewer: Same question here as "Teleport Access Requests" and "Teleport Access Controls".

> description: Use Infrastructure-as-Code tooling to create Teleport Access Lists.

Reviewer 2: Is the guidance to omit the "Teleport" prefix if it's not one of our 4 products?

Author: Yes, deleted - that is the request going forward.

> description: Use Infrastructure-as-Code tooling to create Teleport Zero Trust AccessLists.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: Use Infrastructure-as-Code tooling to create Teleport Zero Trust Access Lists.
```

> description: Use Infrastructure-as-Code tooling to create Teleport Zero Trust Access Lists.

Reviewer 2: Access lists are Identity Governance

```suggestion
description: Use Infrastructure-as-Code tooling to create Teleport Access Lists.
```

Author: Updated
